Good
1. Pandora - http://www.pandora.com/
   I find this website to be very good because it does one thing
   and does it well. You type in an artist, song, or genre for a
   new radio station and then it plays music. You can then choose
   favorite songs or ban songs that you don't like.

2. Caller - http://www.caller.com/
  For the Corpus Christi Caller Times they need a website that
  can hold a lot of information but still allow an user to find
  information quickly. I think they have achieved this by using
  a horizontal menu strip across the top of their website with
  categories showing the main areas and then sub-categories.
  This website has a good navigation tool, the horizontal menu
  strip and it also has search feature. This should make finding
  any informaiton that you are looking for easy to find quickly
  and easily.

3. Wikipedia - http://www.wikipedia.org/
  What makes the website for wikipedia good is that it is fairly
  easy to navigate. Getting from where you start on a website to
  finding the information that you are looking for is key. It also
  should be found quickly and easily. On Wikipedias website they
  have achieved this by intially presenting you with a page that
  gives you the choice of ten different languages to view the site
  in and then a search bar appears below that so that you can query
  there database for the information that you would like to find.
  It's simple and doesn't take a lot of thought. You don't have to
  look at the page very long to figure out what is going on.
  Simple is good.

Bad
1. SpaceJam - http://www2.warnerbros.com/spacejam/movie/jam.htm
    This website was created for a movie called SpaceJam in 1996.
    The website is still viewable online and for todays standards
    the design is not vey good when compared with modern movies.
    I find that the graphics are not very appealing and the use
    of frames was a bad idea. The navigation of the website always
    requires you to go back to the main page and the choice of colors
    on the website are not very good for readability.

2. http://elite.tamucc.edu/
   The website for the ELITE graduate program has the potential to 
   be a very good website. However, I believe in the saying that
   'less is more', espescially when displaying content on a website.
   The main page has too much going on at one time and I find it very
   unnecessary. There is an online chat, there are xml feeds, there is
   a twitter feed coming in, there are surveys. Each page should have a
   purpose.

3. QSROnline - http://qsronline.com/
   This is a website for a local company that does advanced restaurant
   management software for restaurants all over the nation. For being
   a fairly large company and a software one at that I believe that 
   they should  have the ability to produce a more professional looking
   website. When I look at this website I see a bunch of clipart put together.
   Also, if you are going to bother with performing the translations of your
   website yourself make sure that everything is translated and not only
   portions of the website.

