



In the land of the Island University, men struggle to appease the Gods
from birth to the end of their time. The afterlife is marked by the
traversal off the island into the underworld. The island is full of many
tales of great heroes whose legacies live on in rhapsode. The tale told
hereafter is that of the Islander Izzy. As the leader of his people, the
duty of the great and peppy Izzy is to bring cheer and raise morale for his
people. Such is mandated by Islander pietas.

As the days pass, the time closes near for the annual basketball game
against the mighty Islander rivals. The peppy Izzy readies himself to
support his fellow Islanders. As leader of his people, he must do so. He
creates his morale boosting banners, practices his spirited dances,
recites his thunderous chants, and perfects his demeaning taunts.
Suddenly, Izzy's phone rings. He stiffens with fear as he recognizing the
dreadful ring tone. After all, how could he forget the ring tone he
assigned to the God of Athletics - Mr. Clark. Mr. Clark hardly ever
brought good news as he never praised Izzy for his morale boosting efforts
which undoubtebly help Mr. Clark win games. Instead, he messaged Izzy only
when Izzy failed at his duty. The text message title read, "Basketball
game date change!" Izzy was relieved that the message wasn't about
him at all. He continued to read the text message and then became
confused. The new date for the basketball game seemed familiar but he
couldn't quite remember why. Yet, he continued on with his Islander duties
as usual.

A few days passed and the new date drew closer for the basketball game. It
is Tuesday now and Izzy must attend the most infamous of his classes. The
hellish Literature class taught by the omnipotent God of Literature - Dr.
Jackson. Dr. Jackson reminds the class that the final exam date changed
and would be the following Thursday. The news struck Izzy like lightning
strikes the sky. He immediately remembers why he recognized the changed
date of the basketball game from Mr. Clark's text. It was the same date
and time for Dr. Jackson's final exam.

Immediately after class and in a panic, Izzy approaches Dr. Jackson and asks if
there was any way that he could take the final exam at an alternate date or
time. Without hesitation Dr. Jackson replied, saying "No, it is not possible
to take the final at an earlier or later date. The university mandates that
all final exams must be taken at their scheduled time." With those words
Izzy was crushed. He was the model Islander and as such was bound by Islander
Pietas. Above all else, his duty was to appease the Gods. He had to satisfy
his duty to the God of Athletics by attending the basketball game and also
the God of Literature by taking his final exam and traversing into the
underworld - the destiny of every islander.

That night Izzy tossed and turned as he stressed over the decision that he
had to make. If he chose to go to the final exam, the spirit of the whole
university would suffer and the Islanders would lose the basketball game.
This would only anger the God of Athletics. However if he chose to go to
the basketball game, he knew that he would fail Dr. Jackson's class and as
a result would not traverse into the underworld and would anger the God of
Literature. Izzy could not immediately think of a compromise. The peppy
Islander eventually fell asleep due to pure exhaustion. In his dreams, Izzy
was visited by his brother and alumni of the University, Zizzy.

Zizzy came to him in a dream and told him, "Situations are never black
and white. There is always an alternative solution that was not presented
to you. Consider technology Izzy..." Immediately with the feeling of falling
Izzy woke up. He had one day to find a solution to be able to attend both the
exam and support the basketball game. He arose out of bed and went to the
bathroom to wash his face. The splash of the water against his skin
aroused his awareness. As he looked in the mirror with the water dripping
down his face, he repeated softly to himself, "technology, technology."
He walked backed into his room still reciting the word "technology". On
the dresser by his bed, Izzy noticed a video camera. "Thats It!" Izzy
exclaimed. By the end of the day, he records the best of his morale
boosting chants, spirited dances, and demeaning taunts.

The day of the basketball game and final exam arrives. With a few hours
before the game starts, Izzy meets with the game tech coordinator. He
instructs him on how to playback all of his recorded bests for the game.
The peppy Islander leaves the tech coordinators office with a grin. He
says to himself, "One God down, one to go." He studies for the final
exam with the remaining time. Already confident in his understanding
of the material, the studying only serves as a refreshing review. After
some time goes by, Izzy looks at his watch. With five minutes before the
exam, he takes a deep breath and heads for Dr. Jackson's class.

Izzy walks in the door of the classroom and all the tests are neatly layed
out each separated by one seat. To make a statement to Dr. Jackson, he
sat in the seat right in front of Dr. Jackson and waited for the exam
to start. While he was waiting for the exam to start he heard the buzzer
for the game. As soon as Dr. Jackson said that the exam may commence
Izzy heard the crowd roar. With a feeling of accomplisment he grinned
and started the test. As Izzy was flying through the test Dr. Jackson
thought that he had finally gotten to Izzy and that he would never be
able to leave the island. However, the slight grin on Izzy's face disturbed
him. Izzy finished the exam within the first fifteen minutes, stood up
and tossed it in front of Dr. Jackson. Dr. Jackson graded the paper immediately
and could not believe it. Izzy made a perfect score on the exam. Dr. Jackson
thought to himself " He may have passed my exam, but when the Islander
basketball team loses the annual game no one will be able to graduate.
However, Izzy still had that grin. Dr. Jackson couldn't help himself and had to
ask. "Izzy, you should be really bothered that you missed the game. The
Islanders won't be able to win the basketball game and no one will be able to
move on." Izzy chuckled and told Dr. Jackson "Do you hear that crowd out there
cheering? I was not only able to attend your exam, but I was also able to be at
the basketball game. I recorded my best cheers, spirit dances, and taunts and
played them back to the crowd. I'm finally done with your class and can now go
cheer the Islanders to a win." With a great feeling of defeat Dr. Jackson's head
hung low and could not beleive what just happened.

That weekend Izzy walked across that stage and was able to move on to the under
world. For all the spirit that he brought to many Islander basketball games he
was deemed a hero. There were many statues attributed to him and he will never
be forgotten.
